Added wakelock docs (#1650)
100mslive/100ms-docs: docs/flutter/v2/how-to-guides/set-up-video-conferencing/always-screen-on.mdx

---
title: Wakelock
nav: 4.11
---

> HMSSDK's `toggleAlwaysScreenOn` method allows you to enable and toggle the screen Wakelock, which prevents the screen from turning off automatically.

Reviewer: ### 
```suggestion
HMSSDK's `toggleAlwaysScreenOn` method allows you to toggle `always screen on` mode which prevents the screen from turning off automatically.
```

When the `always screen on` mode is enabled, it prevents the device screen from turning off automatically due to inactivity. This can be useful in scenarios where you want to keep the screen active constantly, such as during video playback

> or when using specific applications.

Reviewer: may be remove this ?
